Cut. There must be.
I haven't watched many people.
You are not only talented. Hosting Public Enemies is so good too.
One more time to pass. How about it? Do you want to go to my balcony and be a cell phone organizer?
Balcony gesture host?
Love the balcony. I'm just not the leader of a few shows.
Qian Lao. This guy is just a salesman.
I commend the Chinese host who I haven’t seen yet.
It’s the Niu Niu Niu host. Is there any misunderstanding?
Liuli, you Chinese people have such good talents, so you don’t need to
Spend money to hire a popular idol
Why do you think you are too long?
You misunderstood
This guy is here to cause trouble
It seems you are here to cause chaos.
Stealing Miaomiao's plan
Just not married
Stole your plan
The plan he stole
This prevented him from waiting in conspiracy
Such a good plan was ruined
You guys are such bastards
Something with eyes but no feet